Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy applies to users of the Software who comply with this Agreement. The software does not collect or transmit personal user data. The software does not collect information that could identify the user. The software only uses information that determines the algorithms of the software itself with the user's operating system, as well as the means described in this Agreement. The software is designed, developed, and will continue to be developed in a way that user data cannot be compromised. User data, usage experience, and device usage statistics are not processed by the software and will never be processed. The software was created with a focus on the user's right to privacy and confidentiality in general. In specific cases, the user may provide information about their device and data processed by their operating system, and give consent to the study or processing of the provided data by the copyright holder, provided by Russian Federation legislation, both manually and automatically.

Liability and Warranty
The software is provided "as is". The copyright owner does not provide any warranties regarding the flawless and uninterrupted operation of the software, its fitness for specific purposes of the user, market standards, or any other warranties not expressly stated in this Agreement. The copyright owner shall not be liable for any direct or indirect consequences of the use or non-use of the software and/or any damage caused to the user and/or third parties as a result of the use or non-use of the software, including possible errors or malfunctions in the software.

Ownership Rights
This Agreement grants the user limited rights to use the software. The copyright owner retains all rights, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights, related to the software. All rights not expressly stated in this Agreement, including federal and international copyrights, belong to the copyright owner. Copying and distribution of the software is permitted upon individual approval by the copyright owner upon request.